in today's video we are going to go
through the events of 2017's fantasy
horror before i
wake where a couple adopts a unique
orphan child whose dreams and nightmares
manifest physically
as he sleeps spoilers ahead you have
been warned
like this video and subscribe to our
channel for more
it's midnight when a man sneakily enters
a little boy's room with a gun
he points his gun at the sleeping child
but the door to the room suddenly opens
with a bang
making him fire in another direction the
noise wakes the boy up
the man breaks down in tears apologizing
to him
jesse and mark hobson are a couple
looking for a child to foster
the young kid sean has recently died by
drowning in a bathtub
they sit in an office across from a
woman who tells them about cody
cody is an eight-year-old boy whose
birth mother died when he was only three
the foster care had placed him with two
couples one was unfit for the child
while the other couple abandoned him
he was found living alone in an
apartment for almost a month before
being rescued
cody is guarded and has sleep issues but
the woman thinks he is a
perfect fit for the hobsons that day the
couple comes back to their house and
removes every picture of sean except for
their family picture
they want to make the house fit for cody
after their son's death jesse and marcus
started going to a self-help group
but mark has stopped coming for a while
jesse tells the group about their
decision to bring home a child
she has had insomnia since shawn's death
that night she cannot sleep so she goes
upstairs to the bathtub where shaun died
she imagines shawn's death which makes
her panic but she closes her eyes and
calms herself down
the next day the couple impatiently
waits for cody to arrive
the lady from the foster care brings
cody to their house and introduces them
the kid wishes them good morning and
shakes their hand mark offers to carry
the box in his hands
cody refuses at first but eventually
hands him the box
when they get inside cody begins to take
off his shoes jesse tells him he doesn't
have to do that to which he answers that
shoes make floors dirty all of them take
off their shoes and go in
mark is excited to have someone to play
games with so he starts showing his
collection of games to cody but cody
seems to be staring at their family
picture
on the wall cody sees his room and loves
it
they tell him that he can decorate it
however he wants
the room has curtains with butterflies
on them to which the lady comments that
cody loves to collect butterflies
later that night the couple puts cody to
bed cody tells jessie that he loves her
eyes before they leave
after they are gone cody sits up and
brings out the box from earlier
he takes out a can of soda and a book
about butterflies
then the child reads the book under the
blanket using a torchlight
the next day is cody's first day at
school everyone in the class greets him
later that day he is seen bathing in the
same bathtub
jesse knocks on the door to see if he is
fine jesse finds cody's box while
folding his laundry that day
inside is his book about butterflies
several cans of soda
and a bottle of stimulants that night
before going to bed she confronts him
about it
cody replies that he does not like to
sleep because the canker man will get
him
jesse brushes it off telling him that it
is just a bad dream which will go away
with little reasoning
but the kid insists that the man ate his
mother and is always with him
she finally put him to bed mark and
jesse are in their living room
jesse feels sorry for going through
cody's stuff but mark convinces her that
it is okay
they are watching a movie when suddenly
the room is filled with several
multicolored butterflies
they are surprised to see this many
inside their house mark tries to capture
one for cody while jessie gets bitten by
one
as she goes to close the windows we see
someone standing in the doorway behind
her
as soon as she closes the windows all of
the butterflies disappear
the couple finds it weird but doesn't
think much of it that night jessie
cannot fall asleep again so she goes
down to the kitchen
she hears an odd noise and the kitchen
cabinet closes
by itself she then sees her dead child
in the living room
but he disappears as she drops a glass
she goes to cody's room to see him
sleeping peacefully
the following day she tells the
self-help group about the incident
she feels as though shawn is angry at
her for replacing him with cody
at school cody makes friends with a girl
named annie later jessie is cooking
dinner when mark notices cody staring at
their family picture
he asked the couple several questions
about sean and tells him that he looks
fun
that night again the butterfly lands on
mark's hands they look around and are
surprised to see sean standing in the
corner of the room
he is wearing the same clothes as their
family picture
they touch him to know that he is in
fact
real but the child disappears as soon as
cody wakes up
he comes down and apologizes to the
couple during breakfast the next day
he apologizes to the couple again and
tells him that it won't happen from now
on
after school they watch videos of sean
in the video it's christmas day and the
family
celebrates it happily that night after
cody falls asleep mark and jesse are in
the living room when it lights up with
christmas lights
shawn walks down the stairs as he did in
the video it is as if the video has come
to life
the couple is stunned they realize that
cody has a supernatural power to make
his dreams come true while he is asleep
but as soon as he wakes up the dream
fades
but this means his nightmares are real
too
the following day in school annie sees
cody drawing the canker man in his
notebook
he tells us that sometimes when he does
that it keeps the man away
jessie has put all the pictures of sean
back on the walls for cody to see
she wants to meet him again through cody
later at night mark accuses her of using
cody to fulfill her desires
it feels like abuse to him he puts the
photo frames away
cody arrives at school the next day with
a jar of butterflies but a bully breaks
it
since he hasn't been able to sleep that
day he almost falls asleep in class
when the class is over he asks his
teacher if he can rest any longer
and she agrees eventually he falls
asleep in the class alone and dreams of
the canker man his bully comes into the
class when he is attacked by the man
and he sees the canker man indulge the
bully and screams
this wakes cody up but the bully is
already gone the police arrive at the
school to investigate the disappearance
cody is too scared to sleep now he
sneaks out some coffee to avoid sleeping
that night
as he is reading cody hears a noise from
under his bed
he looks with a torchlight when suddenly
the ghost of the bully drags him under
the bed
cody fights and screams i am awake
several times
meanwhile sean appears before jesse he
too is saying
i am awake suddenly cody screams at the
top of his lungs and the dreams
disappear
jesse tries to calm cody down the next
day she goes to a doctor about his
sleeping problems
to which the doctor prescribes him a
drug cody and mark have a great day
shopping for cody's room that day
when they get back home two police
officers are in front of their house to
interview cody about the bully's
disappearance
later that day cody asks the couple how
sean died but they avoid the topic
jesse mixes the sleeping pills with
cody's milk and he drinks it
while putting him to bed mark tells cody
that sean died from drowning
cody is fast asleep that night as jessie
and mark wait for sean in the living
area
after a while sean appears in front of
them but he vomits water
mark rushes up to wait cody but he
cannot because of the drug
the dream turns into a nightmare and a
creature emerges in front of jessie
she runs to cody's room and locks the
door jesse confesses to drugging cody
she watches in horror as the creature
devours mark
and falls unconscious she then wakes up
to cody calling 9-1-1
mark is nowhere to be found and the
police accuse her of drugging the kid
they take cody away as she cries for
them to stop
jessie cries holding mark's clothes she
then goes to the foster care office but
the lady dismisses her
however jessie is able to take cody's
file from her desk
she reads it and finds out about the
families he has lived with earlier
the second family had disappeared
entirely but the husband from the first
family named whelan young was still
alive
she goes to see him young tells her that
he and his wife fostered cody for 15
months
before his dream swallowed his wife too
he was so angry at cody that he almost
killed him
he then asks her to kill cody so that no
others can be victims of his nightmares
but
jessie refuses she then finds cody's
mother's name and her hospital reports
she asks the hospital for her belongings
and finds a pillow shape like a
butterfly and her journal
jesse goes to cody that night with the
pillow cody hasn't slept for several
nights so the officials are worried
about him
they give him a tranquilizer to help him
sleep well but he gets nightmares that
night
jesse walks into the establishment to
see several nightmares in
every room first she is startled by the
bully
then she sees sean drowning in the
bathtub she finally reaches cody's room
and the canker man appears in front of
her
but instead of running away she shows
him the butterfly pillow
this seems to stop the creature jesse
then hugs the man
the gesture turns him into cody himself
eventually
he disappears jesse picks up cody and
takes him with her to the house
the lady from the office earlier who had
been indulged by the canker man comes
back to life
she lets jesse take the child home
cody's nightmare has changed into a
beautiful
holographic dream the next day jessie
shows cody his mother's journal and
medical reports
she tells him that her name was andrea
and she died of cancer
andrea has written all about cody and
his powers in her journal
cody was just three years old when she
died he had seen his mother on the brink
of death battling cancer
so his little mind made up that the
canker man had eaten his mother
while the canker man was his mother
herself this was the beginning of his
nightmares
mark still hasn't come back but jesse
believes that as cody learns to control
his power
there might be a possibility of his
arrival the movie ends as cody thanks
jesse for bringing him home
and calls her mom so that's the video
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe to our channel
we will see you again with another movie
summary
you